Tweak readme (#1)
karimmac/.home: utils/README.md

Utilities that should not be in $PATH

> This is a tweak in a separate branch

Author: Is this really the right thing to say?

Author: ```suggestion
This is a tweak in the same branch
```

> This is a tweak in a separate branch

Author: ```suggestion
This is a steak in a tartare sauce.
```

Author: Hullo

> This is a tweak in a separate branch

Author: ```suggestion
This is a tweak of your nose.
```
